Scheduler: describe getOccurrences + Occurence API (#8529)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxScheduler/3 Methods/getOccurrences(startDate_endDate_appointments).md

---
---
##### shortDescription
Gets an array of appointment occurrences that fall within a specified time interval.

##### return: Array<Occurrence>
An array of appointment occurrences.

##### param(startDate): Date
The start date of the time interval.

##### param(endDate): Date
The end date of the time interval.

##### param(appointments): Array<dxSchedulerAppointment>
An array of appointments to filter.

---
An occurrence is an appointment instance that falls within the specified time interval. If an appointment has a recurrence rule, it can generate multiple occurrences.

> Use this method to check if appointments are overlapping.

Reviewer: Small suggestion: this method can't be used to directly check that appointments are overlapping. But its result can be used in some algorithm on customer side to discover overlapping appointments, so I would rewrite it to something like:

`This method can be used to check if appointments are overlapping`

---
---
##### shortDescription

> Gets an array of appointment occurrences that fall within a specified time interval.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Gets an array of appointment occurrences that fall within a specified interval.
```

##### return: Array<Occurrence>
An array of appointment occurrences.

##### param(startDate): Date

> The start date of the time interval.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The start date of the interval.
```

##### param(endDate): Date

> The end date of the time interval.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The end date of the interval.
```

##### param(appointments): Array<dxSchedulerAppointment>
An array of appointments to filter.

---

> An occurrence is an appointment instance that falls within the specified time interval. Recurring appointments can generate multiple occurrences.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An occurrence is an appointment instance that falls within the specified interval. Recurring appointments can generate multiple occurrences.
```

> An occurrence is an appointment instance that falls within the specified time interval. If an appointment has a recurrence rule, it can generate multiple occurrences.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
An occurrence is an appointment instance that falls within the specified time interval. Recurring appointments can generate multiple occurrences.
```
